Add Boltzmann distribution exercise (#22)
Programmazione-per-la-Fisica/exercises: problemi/boltzmannDistribution/README.md

# Boltzmann Distribution simulation

> This project simulates the evolution of a N molecules system, with the same initial energy equal to $3/2 k_BT$:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project simulates the evolution of an N-molecule system, all with the same initial energy of $3/2 k_BT$:
```
e non manca l'unita' di misura?

> - At each interaction, a randomly chosen molecule transfers a quanta of energy $\Delta U = (k_BT)/h$ to another randomly chosen molecule. $h\approx 10$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- At each interaction, a randomly-chosen molecule transfers a quantum of energy $\Delta U = (k_BT)/h$ to another randomly-chosen molecule. $h\approx 10$.
```

> - After each interaction, an histogram shows the energy distribution of the molecules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After each interaction, a histogram shows the energy distribution of the molecules.
```

> The number of molecules and the number of interactions are user defined parameters. $k_B T$ and $h$ are fixed to 2.0 and 10.0 respectively (eventually can be also set by the user).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of molecules and the number of interactions are user-defined parameters. $k_B T$ and $h$ are fixed by default to 2.0 and 10.0, respectively, but they can be set by the user.
```

## Usage

```bash

> boltzmannDistribution.out <num_molecules> <interactions [list comma separated]> 

Reviewer: non mi piacciono molto le estensioni per gli eseguibili, non e' tipico di Linux. e il nome del file e' meglio sia tutto minuscolo

Author: Ho mantenuto il formalismo della cartella exercises, ho visto che anche tutti gli altri esercizi sono con .out

```

for example:

```bash
boltzmannDistribution.out 1000 1000,10000,100000
```

## Plotting

Two possible plotting solutions are provided:

> - Plain stdout based plotting (ASCII);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plain standard output-based plotting (ASCII);
```

> - ROOT based plotting (requires ROOT installed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ROOT-based plotting (requires ROOT installed).
```
